Once, there was a boy who became bored when he watched over the village sheep grazing on the hillside. To entertain himself, he sang out, “Wolf! Wolf! The wolf is chasing the sheep!”

When the villagers heard the cry, they came running up the hill to drive the wolf away. But, when they arrived, they saw no wolf. The boy was amused when seeing their angry faces.

“Don’t scream wolf, boy,” warned the villagers, “when there is no wolf!” They angrily went back down the hill.

Later, the shepherd boy cried out once again, “Wolf! Wolf! The wolf is chasing the sheep!” To his amusement, he looked on as the villagers came running up the hill to scare the wolf away.

As they saw there was no wolf, they said strictly, “Save your frightened cry for when there really is a wolf! Don’t cry ‘wolf’ when there is no wolf!” But the boy grinned at their words while they walked grumbling down the hill once more.

Later, the boy saw a real wolf sneaking around his flock. Alarmed, he jumped on his feet and cried out as loud as he could, “Wolf! Wolf!” But the villagers thought he was fooling them again, and so they didn’t come to help.

At sunset, the villagers went looking for the boy who hadn’t returned with their sheep. When they went up the hill, they found him weeping.

“There really was a wolf here! The flock is gone! I cried out, ‘Wolf!’ but you didn’t come,” he wailed.

An old man went to comfort the boy. As he put his arm around him, he said, “Nobody believes a liar, even when he is telling the truth!”

Two friends and the Bear

Once there were two friends who were crossing the jungle. After some time they saw a bear coming towards them. 

Then, one of the friends quickly climbed the nearby tree and the other one did not know how to climb the tree. So he lays down on the ground holding his breath.

The bear reaches near him and sniffs him in the ear. After some time bear left the place, thinking the man is dead.

Now the other friend climbs down and asked his friend, what did bear said to him in his ear? He replied,” to be safe from the fake friends.”

The Golden Touch of Midas

Once upon a time, there was a Greek King, Midas.

He was very rich and had lots of Gold. He had a daughter, who he loved a lot.

One day, Midas found an angel in need of help. He helped her and in return she agreed to grant a wish.

Midas wished that everything he touched would turn into gold. His wish was granted

On his way home, he touched rocks and plants and they turned into gold.

As he reached home, in excitement he hugged his daughter, who turned into gold.

Midas was devastated and he had learnt his lesson. Upon learning his lesson, Midas asked the angel to take his wish away.


Moral of the story

Greed is not good for you. Be content and satisfied to lead a happy and fulfilling life

